Hey, morning, morning. Appreciate you taking time, man. You okay? Yeah, yeah, cool. Let's get these off. What a day, man. Man, insane. Crazy. I mean, it's still going. Yeah, yeah, look, I was just trying to take these long, but. So, when this hit, I think I scalped here to here. And then pretty much the same thing on gold. So, I think. No, no, here, here. Because I came out. I went in here and I came out somewhere here and then it spiked up. I'm like, whoa. And I just left. I didn't trust what was going on. Wild, wild day, man. Like, I'm shocked. But not about me. What's going on? Well, I don't know, man. Like, I just been off sides the last week or so, like two weeks, I would say. And it's like. When, when you are introduced. The model that we trade in now, you know, I took some time from my accounts and I did demo and I felt like I had a good grasp of it. And I still do feel like I have a good grasp of it in terms of, you know, where to buy. From what to expect. But my, my just reading my overall reading of the tricks and understanding or the flow seems to be off. Okay. Pick a day this week or last week where you like you felt completely off side. Let's walk through that day. Monday, Monday, Monday, this week. Okay. All right. So let's kind of. Open up our minds to do some work instead of be lazy since the 1v1 Monday. Here we go. All right. So this is, this is Monday. And let's clear all drawings off. And I'm going to put a vertical line at seven o'clock in the morning. All right. So let's hide everything else on the left. Stop it at seven o'clock. There. So let's say we got to the market here. Let's say we got to the market here. Let me full screen. Make it a little bit bigger. Let's say we got to the market here. I want you to walk me through the things that are important for you. Given this bit of price action. And that'll help me identify what we should start talking about first. Okay. So I'm going to identify first the SR range. Okay. Okay. It's Friday. 40. There we go. All right. So now. When we come to Sunday. I'm looking for the matching range. Okay. Okay. So now I'm looking at any overlap. Between SR and action. So we didn't have any there. So now I'm looking at the standard deviations of the SR range. Nice. Those become common. All right. So let's pull this to here. The one deviation. And since we are opening here at seven o'clock. The closest deviation. The seven o'clock would be zero deviation, which is the low right there. Yeah. Okay. All right. So. Mm hmm. So now I'm thinking. I'll put the volume profile on. Nice. So. So the way I interpret this is more so in the middle now. So for me, when the volume profile is in the middle, I look at a trend continuation. Okay. So now I'll be looking for longs. Go above the SR range. Yeah. All right. So let's put. Let's see. First target is right here. All right. Cool. No. Once I have that. So I'll be looking for, okay, where do I, if I'm going along, where do I buy it? Right. So I'm looking for bias under the POC. At this point. Do I see any. So the first time we came back to POC right here. Okay. Okay. So that would have been the trade there to go up. Okay. All right. There. This was roughly eight 40. Okay. So my question is. You said that this was a difficult day for you. Yeah. Cause I. So talking to you about it. It made sense, but I was looking for shorts. That day. So I'm good because, well, this is, I'm looking for shorts to get into the discount to buy. Let me see. Let me see what the bias was on this day. Bullish. Okay. Cool. Is it that you were, you were short here trying to get down here? Somewhere around there. Let me pull up. Yeah. So I was looking. I was taking shorts to get down there. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. No. Finish. I want to finish and get the thoughts on for us. And then we can talk. Yeah. So, so then from the, when, when that didn't play out, then it was like, okay. Wait till nine 20 and then use nine 20 to go for longs. But then I was hesitant. Right. A lot of the. Me missing is me being hesitant. I'm being hesitant. I'm being hesitant. And two. Most of the time that the entire time that I've been here in this group. I've been trading. Prop firm accounts. And it had gotten to a point where it was like a video game, right? I'm just pushing a button because of the props from account, not my real money. That type of stuff, but I've recently transitioned to my. Real money. I've been trading. I've been trading at points. I should be trading at. And I guess a lot more fearful. Cause now my, my stops are that much tighter. So I'll take a, a $20 stop. And then get back into the trade. Before I know it, you know, that $20 is like $160. I was like, what the hell am I doing? Versus like if I traded on the prop from, Okay. I haven't, I didn't divide any weaknesses to be honest. Nothing in what you just said is jumping out at me as a weakness. That means your weakness is psychological. It's not. It's not a real thing. So if that's the case. I find it's always best. To discuss the decision-making process with anyone was having psychological problems with trading. Okay. So kind of like what we just did. At seven o'clock. You knew what was important. You know what you're going to look at. You know what you're going to wait for and what you were going to do. It's good. Doing something else is what makes it a psychological problem. So. Let's keep this. Simple. Right. Say the drawings off. Here is seven o'clock. Well, I think this is eight, 20, nine, 20. Right here at this point in time, right. The moderns off. Using everything you just told me. Why is this a good trade? Why is this trade at eight 40 a good trade? Okay. So. One. It came up. Came back to the range open. The seven a.m. Which. Confluence with POC. At the same time. And then eight 40 is. Let me just check. Oh, no. It for this distribution. Accumulation in the market, right? Okay. So let's talk about a couple of things, right? Let's say you started off with the expectation that there's going to be an accumulation here. We don't we're not the type of traders who go. This is AMD and we go crazy and that's it. We know what we want to see accumulated and where it should be accumulated. So my question is at seven at eight 40 when this is dropping right here. Back to the open price of. The New York session at seven a.m. Two a.m. open. What could this possibly be accumulating? Yeah, I don't know. Okay. And I like that. I like that. So let's let's do this right. I want to pay attention to seven a.m. open. And my question to you is what happens at seven a.m. open. In the market of the broader open. Yeah. In the market. In trading overall at seven a.m. flat. What's happening? Oh, the CME open. Nope. That's the start of the New York session. Okay. The same way we have nine thirty, which is start of the equities open. Yeah. Seven o'clock is the start of the New York session. So what do you think is happening at seven a.m.? Okay. So they're putting them orders at that time. Cool. Perfect. So if we have seven a.m. open. What information can we deduce from. Price when it gets back to seven a.m. open. So that's when they look at either their matching orders. Fair. Get back. Okay. So if you're expecting them to be matching orders here. Tell me some things that should be present. To tell you what kind of orders are being matched and filled. All right. So depending on where it hits in the range. It will be either sell or buy orders. Right. So if we're. No, I don't want. I don't want. I don't want you to look at the range at all. Not the range over there. Just seven o'clock open. Think about it like this. If you have the open price of a session. Okay. If the market gets back to that open price. And you anticipate that they are. Pairing. Matching. Filling orders there. What are some things that need to happen at that open price. To give you an idea as to what the guys are doing. It's easier than it sounds. It's easier than it sounds. You're probably overthinking it. So. Either we were looking for a sweep of liquidity or. Or. No worries. No worries. I think, I think I've identified. A growth opportunity for you. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. No, no, no, no, no. So here's the thing that's happening right now. You understand. But you don't know how to put that specific understanding. Into a framework on the chart. Most people are the opposite. Most people are pattern traders. They don't know why a pattern works. You know what's going on. But you're. So far. Translating it to me. For a trade idea is you're stumbling there. Yeah. Open price rejection. What does that mean to you? I draw in a blankish. You draw in a blank for open price rejection? No, no. There's nothing wrong. There's nothing wrong. I just need to know. Once the rejection. I look in for OLR. At that point. Okay. Let me ask you another question. What happens if we. You don't get. The open price being rejected. And we get to close through it instead. Well, then I looking for. Continuation to go in that direction. Using that. If I, if I find a fair value gap. At that area that I'm looking at that as the bag. That's it. And that's how I know you understand. Because immediately. When I. I. I framed. What is happening at the level. You deduced your own bias. That means you know what the key level is. 7M open. You know how to read the reaction there. And you know what it means. But when you were looking at it. Somehow you weren't making a connection. See. That's it. So open price rejection is a theory. If we have an open price. And the market is rejecting it from above. Meaning not closing below it. Higher prices. If we close through. Then you're looking for it to stay below. It's one of the reasons why most mornings. You'll hear us talk about. 7AM and 440. Because what we like to do is. Between 7AM. And 4. Between 440 and 7AM. There's usually some fractal that prints. And if the fractal itself is not. Clear enough. Meaning a range higher low is being run. And both 440. And 7AM are inside the range. We usually find that. 7AM starts some delivery. And then trades towards. 4AM. Or price has just been held in the range. And then sometime after 8 o'clock. We get price moving from 7AM to 4AM. So you'll hear me say. Any time 7AM. And 4AM are pretty much. Really really close together. The market is going to expand away from them. So if you have a bias. You size up on those trades. Okay. So let's take a look at this. Between 7AM. And 4AM. Do you see a fractal here? Well yeah. We have the. The low being run. And then we close back above 440. And then it starts to trade higher. That's a fractal. This is one of the first things I taught. Called the zoom fractal. And it's telling you. Higher prices. If we get price respect in here. And if it pushes through here. And here is respected. It's the same logic. For higher prices. But wouldn't that make me more. A pattern trader now. Just looking at it. Pattern trader is if. To you. It looks like this. Can you see the pattern here? Probably not. Because you don't know where the low is. So that's the difference between a pattern trader. A pattern trader is looking at this low. They're looking at this. And they're framing everything there. So here's a good example of. Logic and framework. As a pattern trader. This is the candle that closes below the blue line. That's your order block. Your order block is validated here. You're looking to go long anytime after here. Whether you're looking at confluences. Of the FDG. Whether you're looking at. Lows inside the order block being run. Whatever it is you're looking at. From a pattern standpoint. That makes sense. But we don't need to trade patterns. Because we understand. Timing. So we look at specific open prices. This is the same fractal. But it's a lot clearer. With this view. Okay. Now. Let's hold the phone on this. This part of the conversation. And look at another day. 4 a.m. 7 a.m. Do you see a fractal in here? So we traded. Kept it open 4 a.m. Retraced back to 4 a.m. And now we got higher prices. Going up. Watch the open prices. The key thing to watch. Is the open prices here. The thing no one loves. Is when we have this start in a run. That sweeps here. But. Down here wasn't swept. Instead we had a move higher. That swept the high. So we should be expecting. Lower prices after us. Going back to. Beautiful. And this is why if you ever hear me being against. Somebody's bias. These are the things. So. If we have. Bias around here. Displacement at 7. You start thinking. What are the things that support. Lower prices. The one that you want. May not be the one that prints. Because there are different variations of what a bearish or a bullish setup is. Ideally. Open price rejection. Lower prices. But if you get the displacement. With a F.E.G. And we don't get that filled in. And every time price comes back to that F.E.G. You get. This type of behavior. Off the top of your head. What's your direction? Bullish or bearish? That's it. So much easier. No. That's not the thing. It feels easier when we're having a conversation. Because I can't see. All the noise. I can see these things that I've taught you. So I can. I can pull your attention to them. So now this feels like an easy short. This makes all the sense in the world. Yeah. Scroll to the next thing. We're not going to talk about targets and all that. We just want to look at the logic here. What about this one? Okay. So. Prices. It's in the range. Open the price of 4 a.m. Didn't get to it. But we traded away from it. Hold on. Yeah. At 7. Would you consider that a displacement? Like the second candle after 7. Open fair value gap. So. Depends on what we do here. If we close through that fair value gap. That will give me the bias. Okay. We have to we have to create a framework as to why. That bias is even plausible. So let's go back to. Two examples we looked at. In this example. Running highs was very logical. Because we could see. The size of this dark color. Is not the same as this red part. We can see that. This swept the sell side. Yeah. So buy side becomes an easy target. Okay. Can you see that? Next one. See it here. So we didn't reject sell side. We didn't run sell side. We rejected. So then still be on the target. There we go. We know later that sell side becomes on the menu. Okay. So now here's the fun part. We know. Or you just you know. If one side is random. The next side is likely a target. And you're going to wait for after seven o'clock. To frame the things that support that idea. That simple. This is where you were tested. Where's seven o'clock. Yeah. So it's pretty much the same range right. The entire range we didn't run any of it. Beautiful. Beautiful. That's it. You don't realize it yet. But that little thing right there. Is what sets the stage for what you want to do. It doesn't set the stage for what you will do. It sets the stage for what you want to do. What do you want to do here? If it's staying inside the range. The first two things you should think about is. If we trade higher. And CSD. I want to take this. If we take this then I want to take this. What I like to do. And you've heard me do it a lot of times. Is say I want to trade. From 7. To 4.40. And then based on what time. I start trading. If we're closer to 4.40. And 7 AM was done here. I short to 4.40. I hope you see some examples like it. That's a scalp right back to 4.40. I load that part. Tell me what I want to do. It's wicking. I'm done shorting. We're closed below. I'm interested. Okay. If you want to supplement. That idea. Because reversal doesn't always work. Now I'm saying sometimes. We know they break out and they never come back. Yeah. There. Almost there. 50%. Does this say look for continuation higher? No. It's rejecting. So you wait for up candle to be closed. You start shorting over here. Life is good. This was what? Yesterday? Yes. I got killed yesterday too. Right exactly in there. With that logic. I left because. It looks like short wicks. But if you measure these. This is 118. I left because of that. My stop wasn't safe. Okay. So now look at today. It's not yet 7 o'clock. So you know what you want to do right? Yeah so we want. At 7 o'clock you want higher prices. Beautiful. So if you're in the group. You'd hear everybody buying. I was saying. It's too high to buy. I don't like it. I said the same thing yesterday. This below. Here we have the entire SR range inside the matching window. Like that. So I'm saying. I don't want to buy. With my stop there. After this was hit. I was like based on the time. A new hour is coming in soon. We sold. To take the new hour low. The previous hour low. And then we bought here. And I bought right to. 7 a.m. Now why didn't I hold. To get here. Okay yeah that's. Because I was in this long too. And I was holding. Nice. So now this conversation should flow naturally. Why do you think I did not hold. Here. Where is 440? 440 is way up here. Yes. And. Yeah I don't know why you didn't hold. Because I wanted to hold but. Good okay. Let's talk about it. If you have a level. And your plan is. If the market. Closes above this level. Then I'm going to do something. Does that mean. You should trade. The anticipation of the close. Or trade. After you get the close. Because one is trading before confirmation. And one is trading. After confirmation. So with that in mind. I would assume the reason that you closed. At seven was because of the rejections. You didn't close at seven. For two reasons. This fractal here. Is a reversal fractal. So if you were around. When we were in the long I was saying. It's going to retrace node or pull back. And I stole the pull back to get to the breaker. Okay. So I closed in here before all of this fell down. Okay. So remember I sent you a message. And I asked you like why didn't you take the long here. Why wouldn't you buy that. Right because I was looking. I was thinking zoom here. Right same thing as me. Because I want to get up here. So I went long here. Anticipating. It's going to run here. Pull back. Rally. This. Said stop buying. Okay. So when this happens. Because I'm expecting once you close above the swing high here. It's going to pull back. This. On an M1. Was not behaving the way. Bullish expansion does. We're not closing about green candles highs. So I'm like cut. This. Right in there. Play it around. I did dropped fast. Okay. It's dropping at nine o'clock. Yes. Sounds like I don't need to see another oil arts at nine 30. I don't need to see another oil or nine 30. If this is already here. And this is already done. So the retracement is all that's left in a rally. That's the end of the practical. On an M1. When I closed here. It dashed through. pressing close all and then you know that screen comes up that shows you all your positions are closed yeah to you going back to the chart the market is already down here and i'm like whoa whoa so i'm watching eq it closed i'm like okay watching in here for 920 920 comes it's not doing anything i held my position tighten my stops got stopped out i'm like i'm done right in there i think i closed the road somewhere around 916 ish i got stopped out i'm like okay i'm done yeah next thing i know whoosh i got i saw somebody make a post about three standard deviations been hit that's when i scaled along good it's still going this is so crazy no it is still dropping like when i look at the daily three day look back like that's what that's what bigger picture i was looking for but i wanted a quarter so i wanted a quarterly high okay yeah you kept saying that yeah the quarterly high um when you look at the daily chart i had two lines on my day on my phone i had this high and i had these highs this is the actual high of the quarter october's high but this candle is higher than this so that makes and none of these were taken so i i had these marked as you know kind of maybe this is where it could stop but man yeah i didn't expect this i would have just sold and held the one so that that high in i guess january yeah so yeah once we had treated above that i was expecting to go to get that quarterly high same as you but i mean this thing is just i don't know something happening yeah but i was actually looking at the let's see the january 15th high as the the look back high before we go lower somewhere in here yeah that high yeah that's what i was looking for nasdaq is still going this is the biggest daily candle lies there's this one here right but the daily chart is something that we can talk about all day yeah yeah this part here is the part i want you to to see because it's how i trade gold as well seven o'clock and four 40 are the same place every time this happens you get the large expansions away from it without seeing anything you know what your bias is right here let me let me get it we took the lows no i do not know what the bias is right there yes you do i'm thinking short all right we have to explain why you're thinking okay so we do have the clothes above but yeah i see that that's me going back to my default settings yeah but because because we just talked about this yeah that's it and what happened easy that wasn't they just fall right back into it it happens to everybody but it you control it by going with a process so the moment you go to the chart if you look at this first you're you're not likely to start thinking anything but this the hard part is when you see this you have to know clothes above here means this clothes below here means that you have to yeah you have to you have to think like that first this is what i want and this is what supports it if i don't get the support to do what i want i don't do it if you think like that it's harder to mess up extremely harder to mess up but if you just go you know yeah yeah i go in to the market just looking like oh this big candle okay we go in this direction ah man i need to get out of that crazy happens to everybody not just you all you have to do once you get once you get to this part all you have to do is this once you've already identified where your sr levels are and you do this okay my bias is staying long because here where am i going to watch coincidence i don't think so pull back 920 it is market open a little bit of pull back rise again hits that stops aggressive stop run because that's gold and it's off again literally off again day before what's your bias looking to go long looking to go long that's it if you're trading inside here to 7am well between 7am and 4.40 this hit and reject 4.40 you're not longing again when it hits 4.40 or i don't like long and again what i like to do is look at that so i want to see the price run that did that sweep if you're not closing above it means you're not ready to expand and if you're not expanding you're likely accumulating market goes you're watching this is your order block right here now it's not a real order block but this is what i'm looking at right here again assuming you're not trading inside here because if you're trading inside here then you have your low you have your down candle you have all that you're watching this candle this supports your bullish bias meaning if you have this at that low at this low you need a csd of this candle before you adopt any type of bias so why that specific candle again because when you look left and you look at the range this is the first candle that closes below here okay that's it nope nope nope nope sreq gets hit you can start scalping here and this is the part that messes everybody up if you start scalping here you're scalping when not if when you're scalping to get confirmation which is typically a close above a level which also happens to be nine o'clock open after that close you expect the retracement just like today i went long expecting the retracement after we took the three bar high into seven o'clock you have to anticipate the retracement after the run on liquidity and the break market structure so if this is a three bar high here and that's your run on liquidity after we close above this retrace okay this is not a close this is not a close this is a close retrace no go ahead go ahead so so for that retracement so at this point okay you you got what you're looking for you're looking to go long so now it's just a matter of waiting for the retracement to end which is you know a low key a a small expansion you wait for the expansion to end and then that's where you get the other fractals for entry after that's it that's it okay anything else is just confluence like you won't always get the kind of closing exactly at the high like this one see how this just ran higher into seven o'clock and 840 open before it did anything else there are times when you can see these because the open prices are there so if we go through a couple more examples i hope you see that okay here we go this one what's the game plan so i'm i have to wait until after something closes above or below the range right this is still in the range there we go beautiful i like that like you don't need don't add anything else that that part is enough this is not taken i need to see something get taken before i do anything so seven o'clock opens both seven o'clock and 440 are close to each other in theory that means what again if you remember a big expansion big expansion away right here is going to be the key level and the reaction that there is going to tell you what you want to trade you can either trade the expansion away or wait for this to get hit and then trade after that yeah so if i was looking at it this way i would have looked at this as an order block right that formed at 7 and 440 and then i would expect a short there that's it that's it if you're trading at 535 here you'll see open price close above csd short opportunity this is gold right so 93 this is at hundreds of points yeah same thing here hundreds of points remember this is the expansion to the liquidity pool this right here so that means your order block forms there why not anywhere else because this is the push that swept the liquidity pool this is literally candle that took it and that's the candles low so that's your candle this is your oil are let's take some of these off left of your oil are where's your three bar high that need to get a close before retracement so it would be right here that's it markets chop it around chop it around right when that is taken you either take off or move something see what happens it does not come back the same time it comes back after all the way down and then it goes back again so this is something that you have to expect this you don't trade the expectation we look for it let's look your oil are there will always be a three bar high you need them to close above that and retrace before you get higher prices so first black candle of the other retracement which one this one here yeah okay oh i think i need to plug the same one let me just ask this question here when you are right here where would you want to see the market retrace to me at that time how low i wanted it to go no after the oil are and it starts to push where would you like to see the market retrace to yeah so you said to the three bar high right no no no no let's say the retracement is always against the order flow and this is bullish order flow so you want to see the market retrace lower yes where would you want to see the market retrace to here okay so at least one standard deviation of the range no you're you're using too many things to make a decision here okay that's your order block right yeah so you'd love to see olr sweep liquidity your order block hold and price goes higher yes so if it goes above here the retracement must take this yeah either the open or 50 percent of the order block there we go okay there we go now this is what happens when there's a change in the order of delivery what happens if we come back down into the order block before taking this high come back into the order before taking this high yeah that's that's that's this is the this is something that you should know too because this is what changing the order of delivery means so if most times people everybody can recognize this price action easy right once you know where this is you know where you want this to be and we'll talk about the three bar high there and so you know when this should retrace and everybody can find this uh-huh what people don't see is that when this happens if the order block is retraced though before that and we know we don't want to see the market get back down here it's likely going to retrace so that uh was it so you would assume that a bag is formed right here indeed and if there's no clear feg here you use a dark pool the dark pool yeah that's it see you understand so clearly why you're not using it so if you're going to use a dark pool you need a high of that candle which is the order block you need the first candle low above it okay see the first candle right there yeah so now if the market retraces the here are you going to be shocked or surprised no no you shouldn't be good god kiss i don't make the rules i just trade them wow that's what i'm saying we know everybody knows this is you need to know that once the oiler happens if we are truly bullish the three bar high to the left gets a close and then so if you look at nasdaq now see that yeah the oiler uh-huh three bar to the left so we can pull this over so you can see it once we close above here retrace so in the chat i was literally saying pull back in three minutes because i was watching this candle close two minutes into this candle two minutes nine forty two there right here we were already expanding so i'm like we're gonna pull back in three minutes we're gonna pull back so then the start of the next m5 candle we're gonna pull back so that's there at this point i'm already short i'm looking forward to break down and then add in and add in then i closed here because the breaker was there so i could tell you now this i need i need to say this because i'm still fuzzy i understand the logic but i'm not seeing it is that me all right let's go back to the m5 for a second cool we know we want to be bullish because of this it's below here seven o'clock is not close to here i'm not looking for a big expansion this is below us it's it pull back runs it here beautiful three bar high i want to see them close above this and that makes me bullish or that confirms bullishness for me so another touch off but once we get the you always expect them the retracement to the three bar high and whether we get a close above it or not that's going to confirm when the move is ready yes so i look at it like this if this is a olr and i have a three bar high to the left of me or low depending on direction when we close beyond that three bar point higher low a retracement should bring a new higher high or a new lower low so one i'm expecting the retracement and two i'm expecting a continuation move i'm expecting the retracement now after the retracement i'm looking for a continuation move what are rules of retracement retracements don't leave expansions you cannot retrace outside the expansion so if this is the market expanding higher higher higher the retracement cannot be leaving this range from this green candle to here so the most logical place for it to retrace to is this and that's a plus when you're looking at olrs that are running liquidity we know that icd breaker is up here before this move breaker feg this is what i've drawn on my chart yeah that's the most logical place to go long so i exited there after i exit this died so imagine how i feel i sold that literally that at the top of the day and closed at about 15 20 points yeah see what happened and see that drop now i'm telling you okay so when this happens i'm i'm scared of buying again okay but it hits the level that it's failing to expand i did take another buy yeah and i didn't touch it again i'm like nope famous last words yeah traders do that you you have something outlined and when before they kind of start to print you know this is what makes me correct i know it i feed it in my bones i've seen it a million times the market does not print that thing that you're looking for and you still go i'm right i'm gonna be right even though i know what i should get and i didn't get it i'm right so you know what happens you get wrecked because famous last words your expectation is no greater than the things that you know work yeah and i suspect that's my biggest problem here i mean you're not the only person and the great part about it is being able to identify is way way way better because you could make a good decision one day two days but knowing that these are the conditions under which i lose it's like they don't trick you i walked away on on my chart there is no participation between my stop here and all the way down here i believe when it hits three deviations i scalped a little thing and i left that i just left i'm like this is not it this is not it that's it yeah yeah but yeah those are those are the little things i call them famous last words because it's happened to me a million times when i know this is what makes me correct it doesn't print and i'm like it doesn't print but i'm still correct no it has handed to you that way yeah yeah so i'll be right in the wallet give me that but you are but based on all we just talked about it's pretty clear short clear by you can see these now like these are look at a clear by you can see them you can see them yeah yeah so when you can see these and you blend them with the book and all that you get low hanging objectives sr high well i'll start at the low and stop at the matching height because the matching high looks a little bit lower now that high is overlapping with 2 a.m high if i go along anywhere in here i have to come out here or i have to take something off here yeah so these are the things that makes us make money because we know these but when we know these and we try to do something else like look at this big expansion down let me go short yeah i'm going to short to get a new low you add you add it turns around and stops you out you don't see that we just had high low lower high lower low and we closed above the three bar high because this is now the expansion the oil are the close above so next comes the retracement then it's gone so so all of this stuff before lets you know how to trade 920 everything here makes you know how to trade all the way up to noon okay when noon comes in they start overriding these rules which is why i make it known you won't catch me trading pm session a lot the stars have to align for me to trade pm session there's some pm session profile i know and love and they're the ones i hate because i lose money so if i know where i lose money and where i make money why would i intentionally leave the comfort of my profitability to go somewhere simply because i want it you know i want to seem like i'm trading no it's a reason why after i'm done trading you guys don't hear from in the group i go quiet yep radio silence i'm not i'm not portraying that image that i trade eight hours a day because i know algorithms i don't know i'm not doing that at all not at all i promise you that once i'm done i'm done but yeah these are these things make it easier to see look at this big range higher low not taking we open then it gets taken too easy right yeah like you could focus on from 2 a.m to maybe 11 40 and still find everything you need but i want you guys to see when not when but why i'll say something because i could tell you what i'm going to every single day and you just follow me blindly and we all make money and we're good yeah but what about the days where i don't feel like i want to participate based on my rules and everything is clear to you i'm not going to tell you not to trade so i'd rather tell you what conditions are worth participating in so that whether i'm trading or not you can find your own setups and look at me look how many times i'm not trading and people are getting yeah no beautiful beautiful trades that's how it should be we all understand what we want so we just do it but yeah this part here is the first thing that i want you to factor in your day again why does it look so clear now right you probably think you should be thinking that why does it look so like look at this i'm not trying to go short long 7m open when it's projecting it gets above 440 and close we're going higher i don't know what to target above me because i only have this i'm not going to tell you to use deviation abyss that's smoky's model i'll tell you go back over here you go back to sr the book is already filled we're expanding above high deviation that's what you use half deviation for really big ranges coincidentally half deviation gets hit a couple minutes later it crashes it's happening every single day this is a little bit hidden the colors make it nice as i can see that they're they went below here so seven o'clock comes in if it retraces beautiful but it's not it's rejecting yeah that's it why is it so clear now but this this one wasn't let's analyze this one right here okay bias bearish bullish sorry so again if at seven o'clock it open here we are just a bit too high there hits rejects hits reject okay it's not ready to be bullish yet no problem comes down hits and rejects we go along somewhere in here it goes up even if you're not taking your money off you're going to break even because 30 points into any trade 20 30 points into any trade you should be breaking you shouldn't be up 20 points and then lose um i don't think so yeah did it already hated it i don't do it anymore so that's your low we expand the same thing that we're looking at in one in a previous setup where when it expands below here again you're using that down candle there yeah the three bar look back close above there we go seven aim and 440 are closed to each other you're going to get some moves like that this is a decent push away another decent push away another decent push away not so you get you get trades like that every day we don't have to overthink so i don't know if you were there somebody asked me something about a gap yeah the 12 am isn't like what is that to you and you saw my response you said you were cheeky with it my response is that's not the part of my decision making process yeah yeah i don't ever get up and like what am i doing today all right let me check every other gap at 12 am i don't do that if you put that gap at 12 am that's not going to be a part of my decision making process after okay yeah you want you want to stay profitable so you you don't go if you have the recipe for something and it's beautiful every time you cook it every time you cook it is beautiful so what if you go to the kitchen and now suddenly somebody left another extra ingredient there yeah what am i going to just go add it into my dish now i'm not doing that so that that's how i think that's how i think about these things like it doesn't belong here i'm not putting it there okay yeah because then like it's like hot sauce some stuff are like hot sauce it's not for everybody so sometimes you add it to some meals and it's beautiful but sometimes it just ruins the dish so make the dish first and then you decide it tastes beautiful and i'm going to add hot sauce and not oh i'm making this now i can't i wonder what it's going to taste like if i add hot sauce yeah okay you don't do that you don't do that so that's how that's what you think about it and the rest is you don't you don't need to stress the rest every day is the same can you go back to the last one and let's try this one too this one same thing same thing four o'clock 4 40 7 20 they're close together we're gonna get a big push away this is something you should love yeah because you get they're in the middle if they're in the middle middle of the range here and you're expecting a big push away one of two things are going to happen if they trade against you the big push is going to go outside this or whether they trade against you or not the big push will take us outside here if it goes outside here in your favor think oil rcsd no lies sorry my god what did i say if it goes a big push away in your favor that's not you this is not in your favor your favor will be bearish here because the title take it if it runs down here think breakaway gaps if it runs up here think oil are if you're going to think oil are we did two examples of this we ran lower and we had a big down candle we use that big down candle to frame higher prices yeah so this is now the reverse because these were bearish and it ran higher so you look for one so we look for the run of the three bar we wanted to go close below here yes big green candle first close below here where is the three bar low to the left of this this is a little bit cheeky to be honest because i can see three bar low here and it closed and then it pulled back into the order block and then it's gone okay but what what i'd like the most about this is four o'clock 4 47 o'clock we close below here and we're bearish it should stay below it goes here i'm entering degen mode before the confirmation expecting them to snap back here one deviation done to the tick down here right to the tick right there that's it so you see there are a lot of little things like this that you'll see on somebody's chart but they may not explain what it is and because of that you don't fully understand because if you see a trade like this 90 percent of the time you think this is form-fitted how did you pick that low how did you know you have to exit right there on this chart the indicator i gave you has three things with standard deviation sr here for people trading the night and here for the new year distribution you can pick anyone depending on when you're trading and find a model in the same way when we are looking at sr deviations we know if it goes down by two reverse looking at this if it's large you're looking for deviations this little line right here reverses and bearish bam bam trade but this is for people like i when i when i get when i told smoky this back in december was telling me this is how you capture the majority of the move but we don't need to because most times it's going to take you outside of the window that you want to trade some people don't mind that i don't have a problem me i mind it i mind it a thousand points a month with um one lot is a thousand dollars a month yeah yeah 50 points a day a thousand points a month if you can get 50 points a day consistently with one lot what can just stop you from repeating the same processes with 10 lots every time out here 50 lots just saying yeah 200 lots i'm just saying so so that's the mindset you have to get in you have to get into the mindset where i only make decisions using these processes or using these steps and that's it but yeah um we're gonna stop here for today i'm going to go find the guy who should be doing the 1v1 as well because they're cutting into the time now yeah yeah so i hope this helps oh this was absolutely super helpful it clarified so much for me now and that's that's what that's what a group is for you know just don't suffer in silence reach out be open about whatever it is you're going through and we can find a way to fix it yeah yeah all right do you enjoy the rest of your day and you're gonna share this with me or with the group i'm gonna send it to you directly you want me to send it to the group yeah i don't mind i if somebody could get benefit from it why not okay i'll send it to you to the group all right all right