All right, let's go. All right, so what was on your mind? Brick. I got so many questions. So the first one is the right where you're showing right now. I've been after the whole debacle of Friday. I've been looking to see what I'm really good at to because I think I can't remember who said it, but somebody was saying that you've got to look at the trays that are your best bets. And honestly speaking, I've realized that zones have always been like, you know, the perfect thing for me. So like that area right there where you, like if you want to share a screen, it might be easier. Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely. Give me your one second. Let's do that. OK, be good. I think I hate when it does that. All right, OK, all right. So essentially, and this looks like it's chairpicked. But so I've been going through the zones. And I remember when you posted the first breakdown of the volume profile, you were saying to like, you know, gravitate towards like the POC and like the value areas. So basically every time I see these divots in price, I'm thinking that this is where I'm going to see either a market structure shift or a clean rejection, which as you can see, it did play out. Would I have caught this? I have no idea. But as I'm drawing them, I keep realizing that I'm very good at drawing, you know, things I want to see in charts. Sometimes it's not hindsight. Sometimes it works very beautifully. But I'm just wondering if there is a way to mechanically like, I would say, hone in the process. If I know, actually, when he talks about things, he's just like, he loses his mind when you say zones or why call for anything. So I'm just like, look, man, whatever makes sense to me, I'm trying to make it work. All right, so let's start with that then. Go to today's price section. Let's start with today's price section, which, OK, cool. So the volume profile looks familiar. And I am assuming that you are with me when I say that the small bars represent inefficiencies, right? Yes, yes. OK. So instinctively, if you run a volume profile across any range at all, and the volume profile suggests that there is an imbalance here, and then we can match that with an actual charting balance, then that imbalance becomes like a high probability imbalance. All right. OK, OK. Thank you. So we can look at the, let me, wait, let me grab this. There's a feature here in zoom, bam. Here we go. The annotate. Yeah, found it. So this area here has the smallest set of bars. So we know that this is inefficient, but that is fine. It is OK for that to be inefficient. And sorry, I'm going to show you something today that I was essentially leaving this for folks to come across while storing that last video. But I'm going to do a little bit of spoon feeding today, just a little bit. So stay with me. Thank you. I'm going to call this submission range S. Then I'm going to call this M. I'm going to call this field. And then I'm going to call this distribution. So this is what I want. Before we go into any type of reading, I want you to understand what I'm about to say, like your life depends on it. What I'm about to say is going to teach you next level market instincts. OK. That's it. Originally, I wanted you to come across this on your own. But we're here, so I'm in mood. Let's do this. Submitted orders plus submission submitted orders equals liquidity. What that means is an order was placed. It was matched with the counterparty. It is now on the book. OK. Once the order was placed and it was matched, it becomes on the books. That makes it liquidity. OK. No. Before we move into anything else, if we have liquidity above or orders above has been matched, chances are buyers and sellers are going to be there, OK? Let's try to say this slowly, because if you understand this, you'll understand why I'll have a bias and either trade against it or wait. This is the understanding that allows me to do that. OK. If there's a market and submitted orders means willing participants, it don't mean liquidity at all. It just means that persons are interested in participating at that vertical line, not vertical. That's a horizontal line. When the market gets to the matching window and we are at a point where willing participants are going to come in, willing participants are going to come in. And those participants are going to come in the form of both buyers and sellers. No. If we match orders above or high, this is where I want to think about this part. Let me change the color to get something that can stick a little bit. I want you to think about what I'm about to say, OK? Think about it. If willing participants are there and the orders are matched, if by orders are matched and the market goes higher, OK? If by orders are matched and the markets go higher, what kind of liquidity is going to be resting here? Think about it in a second. Well, you said what kind of liquidity is resting there? Yep, there's only two kinds of liquidity, right? Yeah. Biosides also. I would say biosides just because of the example you say. OK. Anybody else? No, sorry. Sell side. I don't think it's absolutely sorry. OK. Sell side? Two sell sides? Yeah. OK. Sell side is correct. It is correct because if you have a buy position and the market is above your entry, you protect that buy position with a sell stop or a sell stop, or a sell stop, you know, stop loss, which is a sell side liquidity. Cool. No. If the market goes above here, matches orders and goes lower, what kind of liquidity is there now? Biosides. Beautiful. Let's pause for a second and appreciate that. Pause for a second and appreciate that simplicity. If you know where orders are resting and you know those orders are much. OK. What type of orders are going to be there is going to be clear. But the order or the type of liquidity you expect to be there, the expectation comes after the market moves away from it. No. In layman's terms, in the blink of an eye, you submit an order. The order gets much, poor warehouse, then it gets filled. And then distribution happens. So if the orders that were submitted here get much, the filled orders are going to be the portion of take off some of the colors because you pretty much get the labels already. The filled orders are going to be the portion of the matched orders that we come back to here. First, let me hear that. Should go over your head. I'm going to say it again. The portion of matched orders that get filled are going to be highlighted by where this box comes back to in relation to that box. We still have the further. If we know all the orders are matched inside here, matched orders, since they are known on the book, you could look at the book as a graphical bag. One big bag of liquidity. Inside that bag of liquidity, you have what do you think I'm drawing? What do you think? Money? How does orders? These orders are for buying and selling. Simple. If you fill this guy, if he reaches in and he's all these orders, those are the filled orders. And these remain as unhield orders. It's so stupid that it makes sense. Makes sense? So far. All the orders remain attached to it. Right, there's no charge attached to it. It's just a logic. All the matched orders are placed on the book. Once they're placed on the book, they need to be filled. Field is always going to be done on time. Always going to be done on time. There is no filling orders outside of time because filling is done by entities and those entities have to be around for it to get filled. So if we know, with common sense, that highest orders are going to be here, lowest orders are going to be here, but this includes both buying and selling orders or buying sell orders. What happens if we come up, fill these and then do this? Specifically, don't focus on a double tap. Focus on a single tap for now. If it only comes to here once, what type of orders would be resting right at that circle? Buys ourselves. Buyside ourselves at liquidity. What liquidity would be there? Buyside. Buyside. Buyside. And then it becomes easier to justify why Buyside will be there, right? Because we break out both buying and selling is taking place at the low because buyers want higher prices, sellers want low. So they're there in retail terms fighting for control, just for retail terms, right? If we know, Buyside liquidity is there and it gets swept and the market moves lower, this high has zero significance for liquidity. You're not trying to buy the data at high. That part might be a little bit clear, but you may have questions. So let me pause for a second and say, what questions do you have? Um, well, go ahead. I thank you. So I was going to ask Kish, in regards to when orders get matched, does that mean in trading to submission range levels or just the time window orders are matched? And that's it. Like what does it physically look like on the chart when an order has been met? Like, how do I know buy orders have been matched and sell orders have been matched looking at the chart? Okay, I love that question. Let's pause for a second. I want to take off the drawings. Let's say submitted orders coming in the form of a request or a request or a line then. So right here, the only thing that comes in are these lines. That's all. No liquidity, just lines. We could put it in terms of red and black, but let's pause here for a second. Lines, only lines are there. When this happens in order for the lines to be matched, the lines are going to be highest lines at the top of that box. Lowest line is there. All the lines are inside here. No, if we want to check if that line was matched, price needs to go back to here inside this time window and then we know that order is matched. If it's matched, liquidity is created. If it's not matched, there is no liquidity there. I'm going to show you what that looks like today, like today. Today, you learn a little bit about bookmaking some more, which means for every line inside here, if this window of time trades back to the prices printed in here, the orders are matched and for simplicity orders come in at every single price. Orders come in at every single price. They get matched over here. So when you match willingness to buy and willingness to sell, that's where you get the marbles. And if you want to be a little bit more graphical, we can say the matching includes a buy order and a sell order together. So the bug, the bug here is filled with a whole lot of these circles. But I hate that. Does that mean, Kish, that when we are looking at the matched order time range, every, so from the high to the low of the matched order time range is the orders that have been matched in the submission range. So for example, in what we're looking at right now in today, the high and the low of the matched order time range, that's the only portion of the order submitted in the submission range that are liquidity. Beautiful. Okay. Beautiful. The order is. Hey, nobody said something. Yeah, I miss what he says. I'm not going to lie. So what he's saying is, if this here is the submission window and the matching window, well, let me actually explain it how I want to explain it. And then know that what I'm explaining is what he said. There are going to be different variations to whole this and this print with each other, the ratio number one submission range is here. Matching range, trading through the high. That means this portion of all the submitted orders have been matched low that will sit for dramatic effect. So like a BPR. Essentially, well, for graphical representations, yes. Yeah, yeah, sorry. If we have submission range here, and the match range is here, it means that portion of the submitted orders were matched. You get the just note? Yeah. Cool. Any questions about that? Yeah, I'm sure. Oh, you got a question? Yeah, sorry. So about days when we open gap up and matched orders do not come into the submission rate, like the match time range does not trade to the submission range levels. Then take a look at what happens after that. Yeah. You have to take a look at what happens after that with this knowledge. When you find any day that looked like that and you look left, it will make sense. So if you have studied range theory, there has to be at least one point in your career, where you look at previous days ranges and recognize confluence and wonder, that's interesting. For example, 720. A lot of times you're looking at a trade today at 720 and you might not see something, might not see something. But then you see the market expand and in hindsight, you can recognize that it traded back to yesterday's 720. And they're like, huh, is this a thing? What do I do with this information? This lesson is going to show you when you can expect those things. But only after you understand what this is saying to you. So one more for dramatic effect. If the orders are submitted here, and let's say, matching is here. What does that tell you? No, we're not matched. No orders that came in here. We're matched. So chances are in order to fill orders, you will have this taking place. But then you're going to be like, here's a run up. These are run down OTE. Let me short, put my stuff there. I'm going to get a new little beautiful. But what happens is it comes up. It pulls back. Then it takes that. And then it goes lower. And then you're like silly. That's the way you're doing this to me. But you don't realize that this, let me put a color there. You don't realize that this run up was matching and creating liquidity or creating the bag. And then this comes up and digs inside the bag. And then fill runs off. I believe I'm going to pause the lesson there. I'm going to pause there because you need. You need to see it in action now to believe it. Pick any day of the week today included if you'd like. Let's walk through orders that were submitted orders that were matched orders that were filled. Tell me that it's right. You don't see. So just this is the submission. This was orders being matched. I remember that. And then this is where they are filling the orders. So all I see based on this chart is that sell side kept being rated. No, no, no, no, I don't want to interpret that sell side being rated interpreted as at this point in time. What's here? Field by orders. Filled by orders. Yes. But we're not interested in orders that filled. What else is here that we're interested in? Good. So sorry liquidity. Beautiful. So if we know sell side liquidity is there. If at this time of day when we're in the market. We have expansions going higher. Let's start with going higher. You're looking for where it's going to get this run to the sell side liquidity. If you see that at this time of the day, we are reaching lower. You automatically have where the liquidity is. So any shorts in here. You target liquidity. So. No tricks. This is your submission. This is where the sell order is being matched. Well, buys and sell that being much. And then once this prints, this is basically taking out the this is filling the sell orders. Well, not necessarily because remember buys and sells are being filled here. Oh, yeah. Okay. The buys that are filled there are going to be protected by stop loss below it. The sales that are filled here are going to be protected by buy stops above it. I said this. I don't remember if I said this to your group, but I'll say it's again. When a book is built. It's essentially this. We buy quantity over here. We sell the same quantity over here. The price is what dictates if it's a profit or a loss on an institutional level on a retail trading execution level. If you buy no, you have to sell above exit the position and make some profit. Institutions can sell here and buy here and whether they make a profit is based on if they bought lower than they sold. So they could sell here the market goes up. They're still in or an institutional terms that order still on the books. When this happens, they can buy here and the difference gains them more profit. However, there are designated liquidity providers who get paid like so. Let's use it back again. Let's use it back. To them, they get that big bag that we talked about earlier. All the marbles inside. Marbles, marbles, marbles, marbles, marbles. They get paid commissions for, let's say, every 1000 orders that you fill, you get paid $10 in commission. Let's just say that regardless of if you're feeling by orders or sell orders, that's the commissions you make. The reality is orders inside here number in the millions and trillions. So just for being a counterparty to existing orders, liquidity providers get paid. That's how they build their books. These guys are not trading today and closing five minutes later. They're hedging, building short-term books, building long-term books to ensure orders of minus commissions minus losses is equal to greater than a percentage that you don't know. This percentage is the amount of profit they're aiming to make. So after they fill all the orders in the market, all the stop points and all that crazy stuff happen and the counterparty exit what they make from the commissions plus what they make from exiting, cutting or hedging the orders that they filled. Any losses or expenses that must always be greater than a threshold. This is all complicated stuff that you don't really need to know. It's not going to help you trade what's going to help you trade. Oops. Is understanding why here here in terms of price not time is going to be of interest after here or after here still going overheads. Not yet, but I will say based on the thing you were spending before I'm curious, but this doesn't seem like the time. Well, I'm not sure if I'm not trying to get into any conspiracies. This is actually like DTCC knowledge. So basically they were releasing that their clearing houses are going to be a lot more efficient. They already did the whole testing of it when at that market closed. Yeah, so basically come March like I'm just this is just my own theory, but I'm saying based on what you're what you're explaining the runs are going to be a lot wilder so to speak. That's the expectation. So remember people react market. Market participants have been largely influenced by market information where news comes out. It's good. Everybody's running to buy. It's bad. Everybody's running to sell. Now we have actual market news that you don't know if it's good or bad. The expectation from the majority is that more time in the future's market is going to be equal to more opportunities. What they don't realize is the opportunities that they are talking about not thinking about. The one that they're talking about is not going to be for them. The opportunity is going to be for more much in more submission more filling. It's not going to create more opportunities for them. It's not going to do that. But human behavior right human behavior more must equal more more time in the market must equal more chances to do something. And that's how people are going to lose a lot of money. Because in the times between these boxes. And no, it's either going to be tight or it's going to do things like that. Run up run on one side of type of movement reject. People are going to be short here. I'm looking at pullbacks to short again. And it's going to drag them like put them. They're going to get stuck up here. At this point in time, nobody's going to be thinking what I saw here and it got this high. This is over 100 points. Nobody's thinking about cells. Which is why I said yesterday I said the more you sit and look and look and look and look. The more the market's going to whisper. Yes, bullish bullish. Don't you see and breaking highs. High lows and bullish and bullish. You're going to go long. Or you're going to identify a logical error to pull back to. You're going to go long. It's going to move in your favor. And then it's not. And if you are like most persons who get into the trading. This market must be bullish. I bought. I got stopped out. This must be a better entry. It has to be that's going to happen next. This will show us that it was not a better entry. So at this point. Trading doesn't work. It's a scam. But then you look back in hindsight and like. That was a clean cell. You start seeing CSD here. You start just to find why that. All right. Contemporary to that. That thinking is us. We're getting to the market. Inside here. Hopefully after seven o'clock to nine twenty in that window. That's where we should be getting to the market. Unless life has you entering inside here. And you know know what to look for in that window of time. As it relates to what's happening on the left. All we're going to do is look left. These orders came in. They were much there. The market moved away from the high or the low. Bison ourselves. I should be here. If I see this at these levels, I'm going to do that. That's all you do. If you see rejection here. You look for a long. If you see F e g here that stay open. You look for a short. Because with the logic of sweet versus run. When you can identify where the liquidity is. That becomes your key level. And if you've not heard this before. Key level plus deliver at the key level equals bias. So if key level is there. And then deliver at the key level is equal to a sweep. Or a run. That dictates your bias. A sweep means reverse. A run means F e g stays open. I look for continuation. That's it. You don't go against these logic. Until you see deviations of this. So how do you put it all together? I wake up here. I look left. If the market has been doing up, up, up, up, up, up. I'm not going to assume this high in the market is the high. I should look for a short. I'm going to look if the high is forming where it should form. Then if this then that. If the high is forming where it should form. Then I should see rejection displacement fail expansions. And because of that. Then I can participate in a short. There we go. That's it. That's all you need to know. Somebody is checking if it's printing. You will be one way or another. Either you're going to. I agree of the jump and see it. Are you going to fight it off the jump? Get crushed and then believe it. Either way, what you will, you will submit. You will submit. Pick another day. Before we move on. Just based on what you just said now. And to use it with my understanding on what I'm looking at. On the chart. So if because in my highs there is a gap there. Within this field harder. So I'm thinking yes, please correct me if I'm wrong. And this is not to trade. This is just for understanding. If the buys here are more stronger. And that's what a cent price hope. However, they did not feel it. There. You've seen that since this was the eye of our marching. Time frame. This is key level. Once if this remains hope on. Then they're going down. Because this gap. This is not interacting with this. Of course, whatever is up and there's gone so. In essence, this is nice. But actually this. This is what is playing out to whatever to the my understanding. Is that right? Yes. This is where I want you to look at other examples. Don't have to force yourself to understand this structure. Look at any day at all. Any day with the information we just talked about. And see if you can understand why. I don't want you to talk about trade. I don't want you to see any trade. I don't care if you see entries. I want you to be able to see why. That's it. Okay. What do you see here? So we found out. This is the mission. This is. Magic matching. Yeah. And then from here. Given the relation to this. I should expect to see cells. Because this. Oh, this is the perfect. It doesn't matter. Yeah. So this would be considered the. The sweep. Okay. This. This. That right there. This gave me valuable insights into how you process information. Very, very good. Care of that green line. Let me show you something. Let me see if I can. Thank you. I can walk you through how to process the information. Okay. When you get to the chart. First thing I want you to look for. That. The overlap. Oh, I do that already. That's the first thing you should see or should want to see. The overlap. Okay. For the sake of convenience. Okay. Please understand this explanation is for the sake of convenience. For the sake of convenience. Consider the overlap to be the book. Okay. Welcome. No. It means the highest order. Was filled. There. Or much there. Sorry. The lowest order. Was much. There. And the average order. Was much. eyeball. Yes. Yeah. No. My question to you is from a liquidity basis or from a liquidity standpoint. Change the color. What is here? And I'm using the first time. The red lines were touched inside this window. What is there? In terms of liquidity. What is there? What is there? Those three levels. What kind of liquidity would be there? So first one. What kind of liquidity is here? That's it. Tell us my sorry. What kind of liquidity is here? Outside liquidity. Sell side. Yeah. Just to find why sell side liquidity would be here. Because if this red whole red box that you've drawn is the overlay between where all these are submitted and where they're matched, that's the highest point of the overlay. True. Is point is true. I was going to put buy side to be honest with you. Buy side. Buy side is correct. Buy side is correct. Why is buy side correct? Buy stops would be here if you're selling. And if you're buying here, sell stops would be below. Yeah. Remember, sell stops go below the entry. Buy stops go above the entry. So if both buyers and sellers came in at the top. And we went lower. Buyers are taken out. Which means sell side liquidity is taken out. So buy side is left. So if you see the market going higher. You automatically start thinking we're going for buy side at one of these levels. Key level reaction level equals bias. So the red lines are the key level. What's the reaction at the red line here to give you a bias? We break. What are we going to look for? Breaks of the red line. Are we getting sweep or run? That's all. That's all you're going to look for. And that gives you a bias. Oh, that's crazy. If you don't want to think about it as a bias, think about that tells you what's happening now then. And if you understand that part, you will see on your own when the overall or higher time frame bias is printing in line with what is happening now. So you can say, if we are bearish or right now we're in a by program, I'm going to sell after buy side is run instead of selling and putting my stop where buy side is already resting and I get taken out and I crushed. No, no for the fun part. This is for Ben because Ben is a big fan of expansions. If we have a level. Okay. We know a sweep of the level higher, for instance, is a fail expansion to the level. Which means by definition, a run through the level should be an expansion. Yes. One of these here. Yes. Yes. Yeah. If you can identify an expansion through a key level, you can determine where the where the retracement should be. I'm not going to say anything more in that regard. I'm going to leave that right there and leave that that's your takeaway Ben for today. Walk with that and then tell me what. What you come up with. Okay. So first thing you do when you go to the chart, look for the overlap. Pick another day. Let's do this again. Get some practicing. Before I have to run away. So we got this in this. Yeah. Let's look like we saw this before. Oh. Down. Yeah. I thought you have to remember random order. Yeah. Right. Do the thing. So then this right here because it's all of it. This is my match. And as. Okay. This is where it starts. So it didn't really touch on until here. The barely. So this is what I really would look for. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. What about the road? All right. I saw it. Maybe you didn't see it. So here. Let's try to get some structure in this is the only way I can. I can say for sure you understand what I want you to understand. Okay. So the first thing I want you to do is. Ear chords again for explanation purposes. Identify the book. That's the first thing I want you to do. You did that. Yeah. Second thing I want you to do is. Be able to see the levels. From the book. In the matching window. So the moment you draw that you go to the field window. You can extend the box out of field enough for. Yes. Now you can see high low EQ. Yes. I will get in a sweep or a run. We're getting a run. What does the run say in terms of bias? Yes. Nice. Well there. So sorry. So if you're trading inside, let's say London session. Can you see what you should be doing and where you should be looking at trade from? Yes. Explain. Tell me where. Old highs. Like when. After this run. Mm hmm. You're looking for the old highs to sell off of. Beautiful. Where are you targeting? I'm liquidity. So if it's this, honestly, it's the standard deviation. So. Yeah. That's the first thing I wanted to say. The first thing I wanted to say standard deviation. I don't have it. Trading in. What's it called again? London. You can clear and see what you should be targeting, right? Yeah. Yeah. This. Well, I'm not going to say this part. After this lesson, you should be able to go and test things. Both deviation levels. Trades that would have worked out. Trades that wouldn't have worked out. And reasons for reversals afterwards. No. Jump after. So step one. Find the book. Step two. Check the field window. Step three. When we get to here. What are you trying to do? And why? Before you answer that. You need to take into consideration two things. The first thing is the bias. In terms of, you know, liquidity, where's liquidity in the market? And two. Are we at a point where it is logical for this market to turn around? No. And that answer is going to come from. Here. So is it safe to target by side liquidity? When I've gotten here or. It's safe to target by side liquidity. But we haven't gotten here yet. So I need to wait a little bit. And that is how you determine. I got this open. Here it is. Oh, man. Oh, my gosh. Some of myself. Sorry. So, so now you should be comfortable with three processes. Find the book. Find the field window. New York bias. Okay. Find an X chart. Run through that. In hindsight. And see how easy. Determining what you want to do is. And then you can see how you can accept. Risk. You can see when it's perfect. And it's a lot of work to settle. It's like, if you go through two examples. And you find this. The call is over. I'm expecting I'm giving you guys two months. to get your payout. I mean, we should be fine. Wait. Uh, I think someone had a question. So I don't want to. Oh. Question. Sorry. Oh, yeah. So I'm in back to what you said. New York. I see that, all right, London already had a sell off. I'm saying that the liquidity here is on the buy side, there is buy side liquidity. But I've, okay, I think at the end, or at the end of at six o'clock, we were at two, was second, I think, deviation of, I think, one deviation, if I'm not wrong. So I'm asking myself if I can trade towards buy side liquidity because we are at a key level, but I'm going to ask, what is at that key level? So in this instance, we're expanding through that key level. So you're saying that if you're expanding through that key level to the downside in this, I can annotate there. And it's just going down. That means price is not ready until the, it's a piece. Sorry, I don't know whose chart is if we can see the... Yes, I can't see it. I can't see it. So remember, I'm going to try and answer your question in one statement. Ready? Yes. Continuations must end before vessels take place. Think about that. Look, think about that for a second. Continuations must end before reversals. Instinctively. That must mean if the market is expanding through a high or through a low and keep going, we must wait until it's gotten to its objective, whether that's a deviation level or we must wait until the candle shows that we're no longer expanding in this direction. If you get both of those having at the same time, well, not the same time, both... Yeah, if you get both of those having at the same time is a deviation level and fail expansion at the deviation level, don't deal. That's a don't deal. So if it's expanding through any low at all, are we going to be looking at is the expansion over? First, can the first fail expansion put a line there? That's where the liquidity is going to be. That's where you want your order blocks. Once that happens, beautiful. Beautiful. This right here is an example of what happens when you trust highs or lows with no logic behind them. Remember the zoom model, right? I remember how I taught the zoom model. You're going to have a key level, going to be a push towards it that fails. Then it's going to pull back. Then we're going to hit the key level. Then everything you want for higher prices comes next. If you buy here, you may get away, depending on what time frame this is and how far this goes. If you buy here, you're likely one of the guys who don't trade with stop losses, which, you know, it's fine. If you're scalping and that high gets taken, you have to take something off because you're not crazy, right? Once, market structure is shifted and you can see that low and the run below it. Stock FIGs here. Stock inverse FIGs there. Stock order blocks in that low. There's so many things that can print here that you cannot recognize to be bullish. But it is important that you understand that that happens after, oops, let me change color. After that high gets a close. So if you see bam, bam, and we wait that, but do not close, the only time I allow myself to buy in this situation is if the don't candle comes here and we close above the don't candle. Then I will buy for that expansion. If I don't get a chance to buy that expansion, then that push order block FIG or breakway gap is going to be here. I'm going to grab that liquidity and then look for that. By itself, this fractal is easy to understand. Easy, easy, you know, pattern trader. We're all pattern traders instinctively. So that's going to be easy. It is going to be easy. What's going to be hard is knowing this is where you should look for it. But this happens and this happens. So let's say this happens first. This happens second. Did we close above here? No, but you're buying here. You're getting a stop. That's what I'm talking about. It's going to be a textbook examples and they are going to be the examples that are clearly not textbook because they do not close above here. After this order of delivery run that then close above here. Is it doing that? Yes. Time to go. It's not doing that. Well, time to go away from the charts. These things sound so simple. They're so simple. I promise you, I promise you if you analyze them in mind, you'll see how you could have taken losses and how you saved yourself and how you made it super easy. But that this part wasn't the aim of the lesson. It's just a byproduct. So commercial break. Let's get back to regular schedule programming. Find any other day. Want me through. Show me you understand. This is embarrassing. All my friends are here. We can do it today. No, yes, maybe. It doesn't matter. Any day, any beer, same treatment. There we go. This is September. So just for everybody else. This is before the daylight savings, but whatever Chicago time. I remember. I remember. So here's where we have our master orders. And this is to bam, but like whatever. So this would be here. And we run. So this would be the continuation. And let's say for as far as the liquidity that we're targeting, given the fact that we've reached, well, according to this, we've reached our target. Then you see that it's doing a reversal. So by the time it reaches the set yet in New York, the seven, honestly, you could do the continuation. But this is this is one of those days where I would have got destroyed. But I feel like again, based on what was just taught. Here we go. Yes, it reached here first. And then it continued upward. You would have got well over 50 points targeting liquidity, which would be resting all here based on the match orders. So I'm assuming this is the right process. Beautiful. Now there's something here that you don't see zoom into the New York section. So I can show you something. Remember what we said earlier about after this, what needs to happen next? P level. Then we need to close above, which it did here. So we need to close above a high that's over here to the left of this point. So this is here. Oh, you're looking at either that high or that high beautiful. Did we close up on this one? Yeah. Not until over here. So that means close. Remember we said close. Yeah. I'm wrong. Oh, sorry. I'm thinking. No, I'm sorry. I'm thinking like because the bodies, like I'm thinking this like we are sorry. Close our displacement. Fair enough. So I hear that clear lines again. So I'm trying to be fear and unbiased. Look at both lines. When we close above here, what's the next thing you're expecting or what's the next thing you should expect? Oh, that's why it does that. I don't make the rules. I don't make the rules all the time. I'm thinking it's just vindictive order of delivery. So then you can see how this anticipating I run here. But it happens at the liquidity pool. This free money. That is free money. Key level. Didn't close actually until here. liquidity pool was where the reversal would happen. Like you said, it needs to it needs to reach objectives first. The exact quote was continuations must end before versus there we go. So must end, which is here. Took out by side that sold off. Was that difficult? Absolutely not. But that's because you're here. I'm trying to show you that sometimes I do stuff and people are like it's magical. Yeah, like whole on earth. Why did you expect it to come down again? Because it did that. That's why. Who in the right mind looks at this and says, yeah. No, no. The better question is who those break even in here after this? They didn't get taken out. Everybody. What do you mean? The world separates us from everybody. That's why I started this call by saying when you understand this, like everything makes sense. 2025 January, I told you guys that you had too much faith in candlesticks because you're automatically bullish here. Because why not? I mean, who would not want to be bullish here? The lowest is swept. Yeah. Better yet, somebody's buying this FVG. Look at what it's. That's what I'm saying. So these are the little things. They sound so like so silly. But when these silly advice is sitting on top of your shoulder and saying, hey, hey, hey, hey, you're PNL goes up. So one more example. But I wanted to be too long. Just this example, just to just to ask a question on this. So the way I'm also saying, of course, as an extra confluence of based on my understanding so far and you know, I'm very mechanical fast. So this was always liquidity. Or because this is still our match in place. Like we saw our match in window with where we have the submission and plus the match in order there. And so that remains as a key level. And we refuse to run it. So we're rejecting it. All right. Once this one so because at this point, we have this first one, we have this next one that of course was like a CST. When all this clues happen, this big candle because I'm talking for my own personal experience, I would have waited most likely for that on this time frame. And once all this goes, how do I know to trust this bag? Okay, because I know I would miss if I was on five minutes, just looking at it, I would miss this because I would want this closure. I know I should trust it now because after with you today's call, I might be able to trust it more. You developed. So you're a KFC expert, right? I try. If this is the expansion leg higher or lower, it doesn't matter. If that's your expansion leg, what do you take away from these highs and these lows? What should be here to justify a direction? O B and the CST of the O B. If I O B is here and a CSD, this gotta go. Yes. What do you see? Pull this line out like so. What do you see now? Which one? There. What do you see right there? And that can't hold me. O B. What do you see here? We turn back to the O B. Hello. The difference is, are you going to wait and not trade inside here just to get this? Of course not. Of course you're not going to do this. That's a thing. No, I'm saying it jokingly. No, no. Can you shift this chart over? Let me see what Friday did, please. Friday? Which Friday? The day after. Oh, okay. Sorry. All right. So easy, easy, easy. Look at that. All right. My. All right. Kish. I'm going to ask. Well, I won't ask it here because my interpretation is slightly different from what you've been saying to the guys. But it's the same logic, but I won't say it to yourself. I'll send you. No problem. No problem. What's important is if you guys know the approach, we don't go to charts and mark every high, every low F every that's not analysing that's marking charts because I could actually predict what Friday was going to do without seeing it. Oh, I remember you sending me stuff and I'm not trading it. Yeah, I remember. I remember. But I have to be called to you so you stop at all. You do not stop being afraid. I think about it. Any day you want, find the book, much. You know what you want to do? There it is. I'm going to leave you now. I'm going to be a human being. So it's just one one more example, like today's example. I'm giving you free rain to pick any day you want. Any day you want. Can we do today, please? Yeah. Okay. Sorry. Oh, any day that has because that has just leaves in one direction. Any day you want. One direction. I'm just going to do today because I don't know. I know there's a date in particular. I'm thinking of, but probably last Thursday was a day like I tortured. Today was, I mean, this day was something. That was last week Thursday, right? There we go. That's it. This is not last week. This is November. Oh, it looks similar. Yeah. Let's do this one as well. Oh, you shift it up. I can go back. Go back because that was a good one. Okay. How about it? You guys can do them on your own anytime. It doesn't change. It doesn't change at all. But this one is the one that doesn't have the match. Right. Right. So that's why I wanted you to do this one. Yeah. So let me let me just see if I could go to the there. Yeah. So because yeah, I just want to say, like, because of this. So where do you put a green box in this, in this instance? In this instance is from here. Sorry. From here to here. Beautiful. And as I extend it. Um, before you read it, what kind of liquidity would be in this in here? Oh, this would be a buy something. Huh? Buy something liquidity. Why? Because if we see this, this is screaming sell orders. Or like people put themselves in the market. So their buy stops would be up here. So uh, come London. Um, we are, we are, I would like to think that we are targeting the the buy stop since, you know, there's inefficiencies left. Um, and this was the last time a low was ran. Mm hmm. Sorry. What about deviations? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh, there we go. So. So do you wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, remove that the film. And then you're something for me. Take, take one of these green box, pull it from here, overlap halfway of the box with that low. With the low? Yeah, right. I want wait, if you pull it where candles are, the magnet is going to snap. Yeah, you have to pull it out here. There we go. Pull it until 50% level is right there. Okay, 50% level is right there. So right here. No, no, no, no, the 50% should overlap with the low. Oh, oh, right there. Uh, there. Yeah. Got you. Take that box. Lift it up. Um, overlap the high of the box right there. So you're basically creating two standard deviations. Mm hmm. And that's how you get your key level. Why am I doing this? I was just about to ask. Oh, you said this in the video, like it fits lower than that. Yeah. Why in the half? Okay. Uh, I, wow. Okay. Uh, I think what, for me, based on what you've explained so far, and I'm not trying to be technical or something here. Let's find this green box. Instead, be a dark pole because the low of this submission when GZ, our margin is here. This did not overlap. This is an imbalance. And I think if the slow is here and the eye of this box is here. This is a dark pool. I'm not saying it's not a dark pool. What I'm saying is this. Sorry. If we have submission range and we know what the matching window does for the submission range, when this happens between here and here, what is going to be here? You have to think about it in terms of unfilled orders, willing, counter parties. Does that mean there is no interest in participating here? Or does that mean your boss did not send any work for you to do? So you go and ask, I would never. Oh, efficiency. The market runs on efficiency. It has to. Any day. So let me leave you with this note. Any day, matching does not overlap. Look at the space between all of these things that we'll just discuss are going to show you when you get this is why you don't have to be up at this time. When you get here, you will be able to anticipate what the day is like. Meaning, this is an easy day. I can see exactly where I should wait for. This day looks like we run the level already. We're probably going to do this. This is a higher time frame bias. Overlapped. Correct an idea. I have no idea what this is doing because it's all over the place. But these are the key levels. I'm going to watch to then decide what's going on versus. Man, I don't know. I don't know what the hell is this. I'm going to come back at time equals whatever, whatever, whatever. I think I'm also I was looking from the perspective of right to left because it's a. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, just by this. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is the trade and that is okay because this needs is an inefficient and needed to be filled. This happening. You didn't know. Okay. The best like it's I used to like doing that where I cut off the the candles and then read them left to right with everybody. But I think everybody's gotten the gist up. That's the right way. And that's why when earlier when Brett drew the green line and it started stuff, I'm like, this is how I want you to understand. So let me let me outline the rules first. So that whenever you get to the chart, you don't default to oh, hi, oh, no, you're like, okay, I don't care where the highs and lows are. This is how I'm going to make a decision. So this is what I need. You're stepping into the kitchen. The cover is open. You know what ingredients to take out. You're not going there in a big granny hug to take down everything. No. This is what I want. This is what I want. And this is what I want. And you close the door. Yeah. You get paid. If you don't, if you don't consider yourself a trader and you do sometimes when the loss is hit. So you don't have to justify or you don't answer. Tell yourself, you get paid to make good decisions and you make decisions using these steps and these rules. So if you go to the market and you feel like, oh, I know what this candle means. Are you using the rules? No, you're not. If you go to the market and I'm like, okay, this here looks like this. So I'm going to do this. No, you're using the rules. Whether you win or you lose, it's going to feel much better. You know, instead of this is a big green candle. I'm going to buy a blow the next one. Buy a blow the next candle. Market tanks. Good decisions. We get paid to make good decisions. Never forget that. If you don't want anybody asked you, what do you do for a living, I make good decisions. That's what I do. That's what I do. I'm a pro at making good decisions. That's it. But yeah, it's my lunchtime, guys. I hope this was informative. I tried my best to make it so. Practice. The information by itself will make sense. But if you don't practice, you will default to doing the things that you're doing before that we're not working. So practice. Get random days. Get different peers for your piece of mind. Tell me that it doesn't work. I'm challenging you to tell me that it doesn't work. It's got to recharge. Yeah, you have to make up the Mars and be back. All right, guys, if you don't hear from me for the rest of the day, you will see me in the morning. If you do hear from me for the rest of the day, it will be to send the video and answer any questions. All right. Thank you. All right, thank you. Order us your name, man. And practice.