Okay, let's get this call going and maybe just maybe I will be a little bit all having started sharing. My bad. My bad again. Uh uh uh, there's a little bit of that though. And was it 8th or 7th, or 13th? Probably 13 minutes. Okay. Uh, let me see. Good morning guys. Alright, six persons exact. Um, can we lock the meat and like six persons. Feel like I want to add a nanoplock. I'll just lock the meat and we'll just be. you'll be the guy that I hear. So, morning, I've expanded. Nothing like specific on my mind to talk about, but my day's done. I got 250 points here, so that's 100 points and then break even so, really nothing more to do. So, ideally, I'd love to answer a couple of questions and again, I will meet in 9 o'clock and then anybody else is just not going to get in. So, shoot me a couple questions, let's sit a tone or a theme for the call and then I will I'll do the rest. Don't snooze. I'm in a mood, good mood that is. I'm in a mood to divulge information. No questions. See, this is what I do, do calls because nobody has questions. So, in once, nobody, we have, what's this cello from? And I thought going down, I thought it was going down, it went up. Okay, all right, cool. Let's go on a daily chart. And I will try to share what I have been sharing on Patreon. I don't want to edit the Patreon annotations or just share that screen briefly and then I'll get more history. We'll do the drawings on this screen. So, this is the chart I've been trying to be consistent with sharing on a daily basis on Patreon. It's meant to be a weekly profile. After a week of profiles, to give you a feeling of when we can, when the week around liquidity, which weekly lows are not taken, which daily highs are low. Inside, particular weeks are likely to hold an liquidity and then ultimately give you a better feel for what's happening in the market on a higher time frame. So, all I do is I share the range. We can high weekly low open prices of both weeks currently, CWO and previously as well as the data created the previous higher low because studying weekly profiles is a good thing. So, the more you get to create that catalog of which days are created in the high end of the low that we consistently, you should be able to map patterns around that. I don't want to re-teach weekly profiles. It's not meant to teach. So, inside I'm sharing my, what do you call it? No. My opinion is on it. So, I'm starting like this to get weekly profiles out and my intention is as the audience become more engaging and more interested in this type of stuff, we kind of dive into more. So, this is the chart I'm sharing. It's very basic. I don't put a whole lot of drawings on just these and that's it. So, now let's go to a screen where I can, where I don't mind marking. So, to be blunt, we have the last time there was an all time high in the market. So, this is the new all time high. So, all of this can be classified as a brand new range. If it's going to be a brand new range, then you have two things to consider. One, data closeable. Let me lock this. There we go. So, first things to consider are going to be the data closeable here because once we close able that range high, then you know on new ranges in effect. So, essentially, when this week started what I get, we're already closeable here making all of this a brand new delivery. If it's a brand new delivery up here, it means, what are you seeing right now? Are you seeing a blank screen with some with my cursor? Somebody's seeing with screen. No, you can just see screen, of course, candles there. Huh? No cursor. No cursor. Okay. You should be seeing this one. Here we go. My bad. Thank you. This screen. So, this is the last time we had all time highs in the market. And this is where we broke that all time highs. So, since we are range traders, and that's where we get our strengths from, once this closes above the all time highs, a new range starts up here. Full stop. So, this is a new range, then it goes to reason that this is the start of the new range. Simple, right? So, if we go basic for a moment, it would mean from this high, and I'm just going to arbitrarily pick a little because I just want to capture the price action before here. And this would be your brand new range. So, before this was filled, it would also make sense to view this portion of price action as basically two candlesticks with that gap between. So, from an institutional perspective, it would mean a whole lot of participation is here. If we are going to make a new high, then this is rebalance because all ranges follow the same, all delivers follow the same process, range creation, liquidity absorption, some manner of CSV, then we get an expansion. It's always the same. If you're looking at intraday charts, you'll start at a day, start at the session in the night, the 7 p.m. New York time, 6 p.m. when it's not related, right? Some bonus for you. So that means if you are going to be trading a whole lot, and you are type of person who direct a whole lot of strength from ranges, you want to go to the start of the range, the open price, then the initial highs and lows, always the same. If you are Asian trader, okay? Before we think about orders and liquidity and all of that, ranges are important because if liquidity is above the range or below the range in terms of the uniform of pending, you know what to expect on the market guest here. If you know that this is the range here, and let's say we had submitted orders up here, our unfilled, it's above the range. If you're bullish, looking up buys to fill that in and pull back and then go again. If you're bearish, you're looking for them to go up, fill those orders, confirm, CSD, and then lower prices. That's it. So range is important. Since we just left this range and this is the most likely range to consider, and it starts right there, right at that open price. In this case, it's a daily chart, so it's a week. It makes no difference. Expectations are the same. For efficiency, we're going to look at the last range and the new range and wherever there is no equal distribution of bodies. You want that to happen. So if this odd ring candle is going up here, you're looking for someone with a known candle to come, but it's that simple. Now, that much you should already know. So as you can see, if you look at this range and box, green candles are going up. Easiest thing, look for the last don't candle body. Wherever is it, it's are the highest don't candle body. It's got a red line there. It's there. If that's the, then that's where you need don't candle bodies to be. So for this to be efficient, we need this date to close below here. Amen. That's simple. So the market goes up. Broke hard, harder than expected, bearish order flow. Profit taking or someone want to pull back at that low is normal. So we're going to update. Okay. When this date comes, you don't know if this is bullish or bearish. I want it higher price. I want another running to open price before going lower. But here's what makes anticipating this and reading this. Good for your learning. If all of these yourself are liquidity, let a big don't candle that close below liquidity. This candle by itself means nothing, but trading through that high means something close to about 50% of this candle means something. Staying below this candle means something. That's it. So I expected this to be higher didn't get there. Prevent daily high and bearish order flow perfectly normal. So I expected this to push a little retire. Too heavy didn't get there. Broke down. What's the next likely target? This is failing to show um bullishness. Closed and below that open price. That closing price. We got that. This candle and this candle know after the same thing. If we are bullish, they're going to CSD this make a new high. If they start closing above 50% of this, they're going to CSD and make a new high. Know now that is happening, look for lower prices. If I'm going to anticipate lower prices, just look on the left. These now become irrelevant. Start looking back inside the range that we left. Where are the on top daily lows? On top, on top. I mean, all the way down here. So that much is there's no overthinking or thinking too much about that. That's the expectation. This is heavy. This is already taken. This is the next likely drone liquidity. On top daily lows. If volatility is coming in, I'm going to expect 50% of this candle to give way. Why? Because when it's when this these big down candles are running liquidity and acting as bullish order blocks, 50% holds price. So if we're not trading into that without trying to figure out if we're bullish or bearish, I am going to keep this on for that's going to provide information. If we are running liquidity and stopping at that 50% like we did here, then I hold no bias for a little bit. Just play intraday while the higher time frame figures itself hold. Then you make a decision. That's simple. So for higher time frame analysis, that's the expectation. I'm expecting them to reach down into social liquidity. Show me something here. I don't know what that's going to be. It's either going to stall or it's going to show me a break or it's going to be something unexpected like a really animated data just runs through all of that and then I'll miss a good short and I'll be finally there. Because we take information from the candles. If it's not there, you don't get it. And if it's there, but you're not at the charts, then who cares? Okay. So that's that. Let me jump into a lower time frame. Instinctively, I want to go to an M4 chart, but I'm going to respect the fact that somebody guys don't use that. Somebody's raising their hand. Please go ahead. Yes, Kish. Can you hear me? Yes. Looking at the daily, I believe you had the candle where you had notated. Yes. So we have that large down close condo there. Yes. So do we consider all these condos that are coming after a time distortion? I mean, unless we break above or below it? So if you need to label it, there's an absolute need to label it, store time distortion across many days. It's perfectly fine. I don't think you need to label anything here because we may not have known in a real time why this was happening, but after this candle's printed, we know exactly what happened. And then right after it happened, the apology came. So nothing here is overly, I don't know what's going on. So just a whole lot of lines and I'm praying for something. No, from something here that happened, then he said something else and then that happened. So instead of calling every candlestick here in the play, just focus on the range. And if you are, let's say, a little bit on the side where you don't, you don't like manipulation, then you could wipe off everything between here and here. Like this, if you are confident enough to subscribe to this brand of madness, definitely. You can just take, just take manipulation off to it's easy price action for it's what it is. Now imagine if this candle was right next to that one. That's what pure price action would look like. So this view, we don't have a big dome candle. If we were looking for on top daily lows, it would still be right there right at that low here. So to me, when you remove manipulation and the analysis still makes sense, then the probability of whatever the analysis plain out increases in my opinion. If we were thinking we're going to break that blue line and then head lower, where would the next lows be? Probably over here. So all of that to me just makes sense. We don't have anything between that low and the high here, that's like really, really significant. All the lows have been tapped. Except that one. So these would be the two level of liquidity that if I really need to frame continued bearishings. Like every day, every week, I'm going to go and look for shorts and these are the levels that I'll be looking for going forward. But yeah, as far as ranges go, this is a good example of when we can use one single candle, the frame and entire range because it holds as many other candles. So sometimes we like consecutive candles creating a range, or we want to see some amount of suspended candles. We have liquidity around the displacement and we use all active frame to range. This is also a way to frame ranges as well. One big candle that's housing, three or more candles inside its high and low has to be arranged. Something has to be significant for that to happen. And the best part is whenever you can find these candles, break codes become easier to understand. If it's stuck inside here and we trade above and let's say close above and you want an order block, but you don't get an order block get a F.E.G. The first thing you think about is that's a break we get. So then that break we get mean something. If it stays open, my direction is clear. If it gets filled, my direction is clear. And this high was broken. Let's see, this is an order block candidate, no C.S.B. F.E.G. Break we get. So while most persons would look at this and I think newy open gap, blah, blah, blah, blah. I wouldn't. I wouldn't look at that as a newy open gap. I look at that as okay, from the high of the range to here, all of this price action is inefficient, everything here. If price action is inefficient, we need it to be filled. And if it's going to be filled, you know what I look like, bodies, wigs passing through all the windows. But yeah, lower time frame, higher time frame narrative should be clear enough. The lower time frame known again pretty easy. And the clear of the lines, we could add that in your own study, should you choose to do so? Bam. Nope, sorry, this is the start of the day, New York session and the volatility starts coming in. And then in the night, that's the start as well. So if you are a morning trade-off or late PM session trade-off, or work has you only been able to trade at night, and these are just easy, easy things to look at. I think I had an indicator that can do this. It made my life a little bit easier. Let's see. I mean, boy, let's take off, take off. All right, I'm going to let's go to $1,200, $2,90. That might be no one that should be there, okay? Let's pay the the tax off because we don't need it. And let's start a little bit, right? A little bit more off mechanical trading, so to speak. If this is so clear by now, you can see I don't subscribe for the whole midnight New York thing. If you do the love between us, I just find better success not doing it. That's all. So I trade New York session every morning. So today's one Friday. I'm going to go back to Monday. This is on the forum. This is Friday night on the Sunday, okay, cool. Let's start the day here. I traded 7M. Well, they like saving started some time in here. So I don't have time to go or remember. I just, whatever I say here, based on that. I'm assuming it starts at daylight 7. They like saving those here. If it wasn't in effect until then, please just shift the type of thing by one candle. All right, I don't, I just don't want to go and try to figure it out. If daylight savings was in effect here, then I start my trading right there. Again, since we know trading algorithm with delivery starts with arrange creation, you would just look left. You would find this. You could use this to do a lot of things. It's important to understand, however, that this here will capture 85% of the field, field, field orders. The submitted orders are already in the market and then they start getting filled here. So the order submission is lower and they start getting filled here, we trade down into that and that should make sense, okay. Here's what's important. If I start trading there or 6M, if that was a time, that would be my range. Looking left, I would have an idea where by side is, I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't idea where sell side is and I don't have an idea of everything here that I don't want to participate in. So short, about here, the trade down here, I don't need to explain it and you shouldn't be wondering, it explains itself. Open price. Open price of the day. It's stalling. How long is it staying here? Well, the morning session ends at a particular time. So again, if daylight 7 was not in effect, this would have been 6-12 or 6-11. If daylight 7 is effect, then it's 7-12. If you have all that time window and a key level is not confirming something, then it goes without saying that you can assume that the opposite is in effect. We're going down, we're not breaking that low, we're not closing below that low. Is that bearish? No. Stock loans? Why not? It closed below and the next day, what does that mean? The range? There. Key level. Once you get a closed below that key level, then automatically, if this, then that must come into play. Can't be there wondering, should I do this? Should I do that? That's how emotions come back in your trading. These strict rules, closes below here, that's an auto block candidate. If this happens, then the auto block candidate has a greater probability of being useful. It means nothing to me if this is an auto block candidate, and we're down here, and I want to buy, this means nothing to me. So we break. If we have a range, and we're breaking, and the CSB or auto block candidate is not being useful, then think breakouts, breakaway gaps, stuff like that. What do we look for when we're thinking about breakaway gaps? FVGs. Unless you don't want dark tools. FVGs. You're looking for FVGs here to stay open. Amen. Find it. No big deal. Next day, we're going to be trading. Same thing again. I'm just going to stick to 7M because I feel like it's 7M, but I'm probably sure that it was 6M. But again, don't tell me you can figure that out. Same thing. They start 7M, filled orders. There we go. I need to trade. What are my trading? Well, there's no FVG at a range low. Meet a FVG to stay open. Okay. There's a FVG 6.50%. I wonder if it's going to be useful. I don't know. Market out. Time, price, reaction, trade. I mean, we're on live. I don't need to explain that. I don't need to go to lower timeframes to show you anything. Enter target blah blah blah. You can do that. Next thing. Next day. Sorry. Same thing. They like to say it wasn't a fake. I feel like I have to keep saying this. Because I know that I don't remember what they started. I really don't want to go on just to find out just so you don't have to figure it out. Same thing. So we have started the day. All that good stuff. Again, just random no reaction at random levels. This 50% just randomly holding price. That 50% is doing the same. Yeah. Started the morning session. We go up. Probably equity to open somewhere in here. We come down. Not midnight open. Where's midnight open? Perfect. Right. Midnight open is always down here. Completely useless here. Raleigh, what are you targeting? If I'm I'm long here, I'm targeting here. If I'm not targeting here because of this delivery and this can be higher, I'm targeting this high. Why? Because if I'm bullish, I don't expect CSV here. I expect that high to go. Okay, we trade above that high. If we trade above that high, what do I look at next? Easy. I look at last range low. Was there a break out? Was there an order block candidate? Yes. Where is it right here? What does that mean? It means if we trade above this on a CSV, I'm going to pay attention to that. So this blue line pulls little to no meaning. And in that candle's open to high, makes all the meaning in the world. So long partials with close above, that's good. Some low time frame retracement. You go figure that out with trade up. What's the next key level? Old highs 50% break out FG that should stay open. If we're indeed bearish, slap that on. No extra charge. I'm I look at that. Just beautiful randomness again. Anyway, if you are not a final 50 points and you're doing a whole lot more, then again, it frames itself for you. Next day, same thing. The big starts. Again, I'm not a big agent trader, so I wouldn't be looking at. Oh, that's a short. Oh, that's a short. No. This is only a short for me if it's happening after 7 a.m. Look at that. There we go. This was yesterday. I think I was long yesterday because I was not looking at the H1 chart. And I do the matter of what this service and I'm looking at the H1 chart. Intriguing, very very intriguing nonetheless. This is not a hindsight review for trade engines. This is an introduction to process. Yes. So open price, shorts. What are you going to target? I don't know. There's so many lows. There's so many. No, there's not. That's your emotion. I need to be perfect prepping. Please note, I'm also not using the high of the 7 a.m. candle because the high of the range before 7 a.m. is not going to be in the 7 a.m. candle. See, people mark ranges all the time and they use a specific open price and they include everything. Anyway, there we go. So, bam, where's your target? Low, 50 percent, whatever. It starts to break down really heavy. What are you going to look for? I mean, previous open, previous A.K.A. support level, on top lows liquidity. There we go. Beautiful randomness all the way into the lunch off. Then you stop trading. Your ideal session should be start of the New York session. 6 a.m. when there's no DST and 7 a.m. when there's DST. So, if you notice in the last month, I would pop up a lot before it was open before 720. That's why. And if you notice now, you don't see me a lot before 720. This is why. See, no emotions are rules. Anyway, trade, they don't launch all of the tradesmen. Amen. Kish, can you say that again? That again? That probably, like you said, like, sorry, you notice that I'm not around at this certain time. Okay. So, I'm a full-time trader. I am not anything but that. Content trades are ever known then when I feel available. Full-time trader. Emotions kill every full-time trader. So, I will start to control your emotions with rules. If you ever find yourself thinking, actually, I think I should do this. No, rules. Over-trading is the biggest killer to every single trader. What are your profitable or not? Over-trading kills. My experience, the best way to kill over-trading is to remove the need to participate 24 hours of the day. So, on a normal day, I would not be on my computer. I'd be outside. Or I'd be in a one-be-one or something, but nothing for me to do after I've backed my 50 points. When they like saving, this is not effect. Not in effect. 6am to 11am captures the bulk of my participation. The bulk of it. I may not always be trading at 6am because I need a range to form first, but you will see me share plans. After 6am between 6am and 7.20, you will see me share a plan. That's what I want at 7.20. That's rules. No, the alliance savings is an effect. So, that time will not shift from 7am to noon, which means you won't see me before 7am. You will see me sometime after 7am. Posting a chart, sharing a analysis or sharing an entry. That's my rules, so I don't overthink that. There's no emotion involved in how I participate there. It's either time to trade or not time to trade, time to stop trade or time to continue. Not trying to be poetic or anything but it's really that simple. It does not need to be difficult. But yeah, same old, same old, same old. So, that explains that trade. I mean, the last trade, no, is going to be today. Here is 7am. Here is our range. Then it's not going to include that candle. That 7am candle because it has to be before. That's my trade. Well, I'll go into an M4 chart. No, I'll show you what I traded today. So, without me saying anything, if this is the range that I'm going to look at when I get to the chart, and I want to want liquidity, because you know, we like to see liquidity on CSB. What law am I going to pay attention to? Meaning being, I have a winner. What do I want to see there to be a buyer? What do I want to see there to be a seller? Simple. Open, open price of the session is right here. My plan was stupidly simple, like ridiculously simple. Oops, I think I pressed that wrong one. I wanted, and by setup, when I got my CSB in here, and I want to target, open price of the session. That's what that's what that was my plan. Now, it's not the best plan because there were reasons that said I would not likely get a higher run on price, but the distance from here to here is way over 50 points that I believed I could get 50 points without getting Tp. So, what I did was compensate for that. I entered multiple times, so I entered twice in this candle, which means to me, it may not be the same to you, you might look at it as a battery management, but to me, if the chances of getting Tp is lower, but the chances of getting 50 points is high or relatively high, I can capitalize on the probability by accepting more risk and micromanaging my position. It's not something for everybody, but it's something that I'm used to because I'm a scalper, okay? So, I entered twice, it pushed, it stuck here at the price level, and then we pulled back. I removed the risk, as you know, I went break even, and I took another position here. We run up 50 points at the A20, which would have been 720 before DST, I expect volatility here. When it was pushing, I did not get the kind of volatility that says we're closing and expanding, so I took partial from both of these positions, and I held on this at full position. All of them got BE, and then rallied. I still walked away with north of my daily 50 point goal, and that's it, done. Whatever this is doing, no, I feel, I feel nothing, which is why I decided that I wanted to do a call because I feel like this delivery might be a little bit painful for most persons, and I feel like I could have helped you. So, this is very, very heavy, right? I'm going to show you a couple of things that I might show you a couple of things here that is going to tell you why I felt that this was not going to go lower, and all that would stop. Yeah, so check them. All the people, all the people. So, recently, I have begun studying volume. Not volume like what everybody puts down here. I don't like it, it offers me no insight, or maybe just don't understand it. But volume inside ranges made me excited because I already look at ranges and what's inside the range and how those inside the range increases the probability that was leaving the ring on all of it. I'm a range trader, okay? So, when I came across the idea of incorporating volume inside a range, it just resonated with me, and I studied it, did some tests, for a whole lot of cool things, and made a whole lot of cool things, and then my accuracy improved a little bit, a little bit, enough to make me say, oh boy, everyone I do it, but you guys know. So, I've incorporated a whole lot of volume studies in my trading know. I don't share it because I'm teaching a talk about people right now, and I feel like, yeah. So, if you understand how to use fixed ranges and volume, you can find pinpoint accurate entries and exits in all of this, everything little bit, especially when you're controlling the range that you look at. So, we know, we know 24 hour market, algorithm is 24 hours, all of it is 24 hours, but it is not 24 hour market, but I know. I don't know everything, but yeah. So, if we know that certain times that they are doing certain things, you can literally focus on what is happening at certain times of the day, and then use that to confirm a bias or a direction, and the key level, and we already know what to look like when price gets to a key level, so easy. So, that's what I feel like, that's what I've phone know, and that's what I'm doing. So, yeah. If I didn't get back to you, I'm sorry. I don't know about that. No big deal. Yes, all those insights coming up to that 30 minute mark. I think we've been here from off on all. That should have been good enough for the chat. All of that by itself, without volume enough to show you that you're overthinking your trade plan. And on my other screen, I can see that prices pulling up to that load that we just talked about, the on top load on here, almost there. But yeah, you know, 15 minute chart for the day. So, like 15 minute chart. In my 15 minute chart, this will do the day, since we already know that same name as inside here, and it should be easy to look at. What's happening at that load? Why that load? Because they opened, we went up, we broke down. So, we start trading at 7 a.m. in here, and we can see that. Based on the commission that we just had, what do you look at when it prices breaking low? Since you don't know if it's accumulating or distributing, just look at two things. You don't have to make it difficult. If there's a big don't candle at the low, okay, grab a line, open prep for the high. So, space pushes the thing about the next start. And I get this straight. There we go. Big don't candle. Take that higher prices. Low beam broken. Big don't candle. F.E.G. BAM. BAM. How do you use a 15 minute chart? Certain confluence for the guys who like confluence. Five minute chart. BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM at 7. Looks like a short to me. Looks like a short to me. Building a chart. So, had I been overly detailed this morning, I'm not just following my rules, and if I put a little bit more effort into trading today, I wouldn't plan a good short. And I would have run out of it. But I'm so rural oriented now. I don't pay attention to a whole other thing that I know I shouldn't. I'm planning to. No, I feel myself slacking so. I am going to do some improvements. Yes, anyway, look at that. F.E.G. BAM, BAM, BAM, BAM. One minute chart because we low was a good one minute chart. 7.M. It's the F.E.G. Not trying to expand. Not trying to expand. And the expand. It breaks. Short. Target. Well, first target. Not sure they have to be the lows before 7.M. Right. And that's still 24 or 75. That's over. No, it's about 70 points. And that would be your trade. And you're done. You wouldn't have gotten any of this. You wouldn't have cared just like me. You'd have been done. So, trading can be simplified. There's zero emotions in any of this because you know exactly what you should look at. I should mark this line for this time. The line at open price here. And I should not look at that line until this time of the day. I'm looking for these things to confirm or suggest a direction. If it suggests the direction, eating the confirmation. If it confirms the direction, then that'll be good. Amen. But yeah, it could be enough to go and add to your arsenal. Unless you have any questions, I am going to end here. And see you guys in the chat tomorrow when you start, not tomorrow. Next week, when you start posting your entries and everybody will make, how did you get that? You smile and say, you missed the call. But thank you guys for coming out. It's been fun. Hope that improves your trading. And I'm getting a call right now. So, who knows?